---
title: Ph.D_Requirements Analysis for BIM, Competency of BIM Professionals, RFP-Based Design Compliance Checking, and Information Required for FM
date: 2017-08-30 19:00:00 +0900 # this is the time when the file should be shown to public
categories: [Dissertation]
tags: [bim, automated model checking, health care facility, rfp(requirement for proposal), rule-set, ontology, swrl(semantic web rule language), rule-based model checking]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
---

### Paper Information
- Authors: Miyoung Uhm(Ph.D.Candidate, Yonsei Univ.)
- Publications:
Yonsei University Library
- Language: 
Korean/English
- DOI: <https://library.yonsei.ac.kr/search/detail/CATTOT000001867105>

### Abstract
Building information modeling (BIM) has emerged as a technical solution for numerous problems in architecture, engineering, and construction (AEC) projects, such as poor communication, information transmission, and coordination (Weippert and Kajewski 2004). BIM is a software solution that enables the creation of a vector-based representation in 3-dimensional (3D) formats for construction projects. This new approach brings many benefits to the AEC industry while simultaneously raising new requirements (Sacks and Barak 2009). As the use of BIM has There are several obstacles to active BIM use, but this dissertation focuses on the most frequent and serious issues defined by BIM project participants: lack of skilled BIM professionals and education programs for recruiting and training them, lack of computational design compliance checking tools to respond to frequent design changes, and ambiguous requirements for data handover from the construction phase to the facility management (FM) phase. It is difficult to accurately quantify the association between these three issues. However, it can be assumed that there is a mutual influence between the issues, given that the construction industry is a “social process” to be applied “by the people” of technology and developed “by the people” to achieve goals established “by the people” This social science-based approaches and methods are useful to understand three requirements issues in this dissertation because BIM are also used in a social and organizational context. Social
and organizational factors are not a single viewpoint but are influences on all viewpoints. Limitations of methods to collect, elicit, and analyze complex and complicated requirements encourage researchers to turn their eyes to “mixed research methods and mixed sources of data.” Mixed methods are formally defined as the class of research where the researcher mixes or combines quantitative and qualitative research techniques, methods, approaches, concepts, or language into a single study. This concept of employing mixed research methods in an effort to combine qualitative and quantitative methods is the basis for selecting and combining research methods of this dissertation. 
When mixed research methods are employed for identify requirements of BIM in three areas, systematic processes are helpful to arrange research methods. As the term “engineering” implies, requirements engineering (RE) provides a disciplined and systematic approach to elicit, specify,
analyze, commit, validate, and manage requirements considering user-, technical-, and businessoriented needs. RE, a branch of software engineering concerned with identifying and communicating the purpose of a software-intensive system, is defined as a set of activities comprised
of four processes: requirements elicitation, requirements analysis, requirements specification, and requirements validation. The RE process is not only applicable to both technical and social requirements presented in this dissertation, but it is also useful to maintaining the logical consistency of requirements analysis results. Moreover, RE provides many cases in which combinations of research methods are useful. Based on the process of RE and approach of mixed methods research, this dissertation specifies obstacles in the BIM industry to the following three requirements issues: what competency is required of the BIM professional; what is required to enable computational design compliance
checking; and what information can be transferred from the construction phase to the FM phase. 
First, as the demand for BIM project personnel has increased, questions regarding job titles, duties, and qualifications for these personnel have become critical for recruitment, promotion, and education purposes. To address this issue, 242 online job postings in English from the US, the UK, and China were collected. Through the online job posting analysis, 35 job titles and 5,998 terms containing competency were derived. The 35 job titles were classified into eight BIM job groups (BIM project manager; director; BIM coordinator; senior architect; BIM manager; BIM designer; BIM mechanical, electrical, and plumbing (MEP) coordinator; and BIM technician) by analyzing the relationships between job titles using the role and position analysis of the social network analysis (SNA). Based on the Occupational Information Network’s (O*NET) job competency classification model, 5,998 terms were categorized into 43 competency elements. These were subcategorized into the three categories of essential, common, and job-specific competencies for the eight BIM jobs depending on the frequency. The “essential” competences are required all BIM job groups and include “speaking skill,” “engineering and technology-related knowledge,” “technical vocational education,” “BIM-related work experience,” “work activity of interacting with computers,” and “work activity for establishing and maintaining interpersonal relationships.” The common competencies required by most job groups (more than five out of the eight job groups) include “work
style of cooperation,” “design knowledge,” “post-secondary degree,” “work activity of evaluating information to determine compliance with standards,” “work activity of thinking creatively,” “work activity of documenting or recording,” “work activity of communicating with supervisors and peers,” “work activity of guiding, directing, and motivating subordinates,” “work activity of providing consultation and advice,” and “organizational context to monitor data on quality/costs/waste/etc.” The “job-specific” competency could distinguish similar BIM jobs. For example, the BIM manager performs “work activity of training and teaching others” in the “organizational context to determine
workflow or order of tasks for others,” but not for the BIM coordinator. Compared to other existing papers regarding BIM competencies, this dissertation introduces all job titles currently used in the BIM industry—not just the representative BIM job titles—and provides their relationships and classifications. Moreover, this dissertation attempts to analyze BIM professionals’ competencies based on the competency model currently in use to improve their applicability in the BIM industry. In addition, the level of competencies for BIM professionals allows for their application for the BIM educational program development.
Second, there are limitations to check the compliance of a building design in a request for proposal (RFP), especially in BIM. To respond to these needs, a total of 27 RFPs for housing, offices, exhibitions, hospitals, sports centers, and courthouse projects were analyzed. Each RFP was composed of more than 1,800 sentences. Of these, only 366 sentences could be translated into computer-interpretable sentences. For further analysis, this study deployed context-free grammar (CFG) in natural language processing and classified morphemes into four categories: object (noun), method (verb), strictness (modal), and others. The subcategorized morphemes included three object types (space, building element, and equipment), four strictness levels (must, should, might, and could), and 29 method types. Most of the object types (90%) were spaces. Of the 29 method types, six methods (i.e., ‘getNumberofArea,’ ‘getNumberOfSpace,’ ‘isComposedOf,’ ‘hasEquipment,’ ‘isAccessible,’ ‘getNumberOfEquipment’) covered 95% of the design compliances. More than 90% of the strictness types in the RFPs were “should,” which is mandatory but is weaker than “must”; e.g., a minor exception might be allowed. The results of this dissertation show that patterns exist in the design requirements and that they can interpret computer readable rules. The results imply potentials for design requirements to be generated for both human and computer readable rules. Compared to existing rule checking tools—for example, BERA (Building Environment Rule and Analysis) or the Solibri model checker—the results of this dissertation allow BIM users to use rules easily for their BIM projects and to transform rules without any program knowledge.
Third, the requirements’ needs are ever-increasing due to questions about the possible repurposing of BIM data during the FM phase of AEC projects. To address these questions, the triangulation method—job-shadowing, interviews, and document analysis—was used to explore
information required for FM in higher education facilities. The collected information was then adjusted through requirements comparisons of five additional higher education facilities. There were 429 information items required for higher education FM, which were classified into actors (users and staff in higher education facilities and third-party service providers), objects (facility, floor, space, zone, type, component, system, assembly, connection, spare, resource, and job), and additional data groups (process, inspection, contract, impact, document, attribute, coordinate, issue, and picklist) that the US construction building information exchange (COBie) had defined previously. Among the 429 information items for higher education facilities, half of the information items (55.9%) were objected data items, one-third (33.8%) was residue from additional data, and one-tenth (10.2%) was actor data. A comparative analysis of information requirements between
higher education FM and COBie was conducted using the semantic set operator, which was effective in finding common information items among different data sets between systems and information sets. The comparison results showed that half of the information (53.9%) required for FM could be extracted from the construction phase in the US COBie data format. Additionally, three-quarters (73.1%) of the COBie coverable data were objected data items. However, 46.1% of the information required for FM should be prepared during the FM phase. Half of the information items (51.5%) prepared by the FM phase were additional information items, such as information of FM processes, inspections, and contracts. However, redundancies were noted in the 198 data items prepared by FM managers. With the exception of repeatedly used data items, the number of essential data items were reduced to 91 (Table 43). They could be classified into five categories: available data in the existing
system, data needed to redefine, data needs to request to (sub) constructors, references provided by the government or another authority, and calculated data by computers. Given the available data from the existing system, data needs to request to (sub) constructors, and calculated data by computers, only 13 data items are required for the BIM FM about 3% of the 429 data items for FM (Table 35). The results of this dissertation specify what information could be transferred (or not) from the design/construction phase to the FM phase and who is responsible for this information.
This dissertation helps to fill the gap between BIM project participants in the pre-construction phase and project owners in the  post - construction phase. Additionally, it is expected that this dissertation contributes to clarifying current ambiguous requirements.
This dissertation studied three requirements regarding people, design quality, and data problems in the BIM industry based on the fundamental RE process and mixed research methods. As stated previously, it is not difficult to envisage that the results of three requirements contribute to three complementing issues. For example, derived rules patterns of RFPs in this dissertation can be used to describe documents information required for FM. Information items for BIM FM in this dissertation will be a reference that specially explains the knowledge and skills required for data management. The authors hope that the results of this dissertation on three BIM problems have the advantages of either using, transforming, or adding by demanding their fulfillment via either projects or users.