---
title: 2023_Evaluating the Economic Impact of Preventive Maintenance Strategies for Municipal Highways
date: 2023-08-30 14:00:00 +0900 # this is the time when the file should be shown to public
categories: [Conference Proceedings]
tags: [bim, blockchain, research trend]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
---

### Paper Information
- Authors: Miyoung Uhm(Ph.D., Yonsei Univ.), Giwon Shin(Yonsei Univ.), Namgyun Kim (Ph.D.,Univ. Daton), Hongjo Kim* (Ph.D., Yonsei Univ. *Corr.)
- Publications:
2023 ASCE i3ce Conference
- Language: 
English
- DOI:

### Abstract
The aging infrastructure of road networks has become a significant problem for many countries. Despite previous research suggesting that preventive treatments for pavements can be more cost-effective, many responsible municipalities and governmental agencies continue to solely rely on responsive treatments such as road resurfacing or reconstruction which are costly. This study conducted interviews with officers and found that there is a knowledge gap about the long-term economic benefits of preventive treatments at the road network level. As a result, there is hesitancy to increase treatment costs in the short-term to implement preventive treatments. To address this knowledge gap, the present study presents a long-term, life-cycle economic feasibility analysis of implementing preventive treatments for a municipal highway. The highway is a six-lane, 22.7 km road located in Goyang, South Korea. This paper examines three main aspects: (1) the effectiveness of preventive maintenance treatments, (2) the degree of cost reduction associated with different types of preventive treatments, and (3) the extent of preventive treatment required to achieve the desired effect. The analysis reveals that combining preventive maintenance with rehabilitation treatments can lead to a significant 28% reduction in total costs over a 30-year period, regardless of the type of preventive action taken. Furthermore, even with just a 25% preventive treatment ratio, significant preventive effects can still be observed. This study can serve as a valuable reference for decision-makers who are looking to develop effective and efficient strategies for maintaining and improving the quality of road networks.