---
title: 2016_Relationships between Factors That Determine the Adoption of the Facility Management Solution (FMS) and the Level of FMS User Experience in Higher Education Facilities
date: 2016-08-30 19:00:00 +0900 # this is the time when the file should be shown to public
categories: [Journal Articles]
tags: [higher education facilities, facility management solution, experience of fms, determinants of technology acceptance]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
---

### Paper Information
- Authors: Miyoung Uhm(Ph.D.Student, Yonsei Univ.), Ghang Lee*(Ph.D., Yonsei Univ. *Corr.)
- Publications:
2016 JAIK
- Language: 
Korean/English(Abstract)
- DOI:

### Abstract
The facility management solution (FMS) has recently been introduced to a number of higher education facilities; however, the actual use rates of FMS are still low. To identify the reasons for differences between FMS users and non-users in terms of FMS evaluation, a survey was conducted with 68 facility managers from three universities using 11 questions developed on the basis of Technology Acceptance Model 3 (TAM 3). For statistical analysis of the resulting data was used. The survey results show that 64.9% of FMS users were not satisfied with FMS due to lack of information, while 83.3% evaluated FMS as complicated. However, 58.9% of users replied that FMS helped to improve task efficiency. Task efficiency improvement is not only the major expectation of FMS but also the major benefit of FMS as perceived by both users and non-users. The survey also highlighted statistical differences, with FMS users stressing on-the-job relevance as a factor in considering FMS adoption, and non-users expressing an interest in the expected effects of FMS. There were also differences between users and non-users in terms of users’ attitudes and preferred assistance methods, with users indicating a more passive attitude than non-users. Finally, the results revealed a correlation between experiences of FMS and three factors (business compatibility, self-evaluation of the ability to operate new technology, and preferred assistance methods in the case of errors). 