---
title: 2015_Requirements for Computational Rule Checking of Requests for Proposals (RFPs) for Building Designs in South Korea
date: 2015-08-30 19:00:00 +0900 # this is the time when the file should be shown to public
categories: [Journal Articles]
tags: [request for proposal, design rule checking, design compliance checking, building information modeling, context-free grammar]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
---

### Paper Information
- Authors: Miyoung Uhm(Ph.D.Student, Yonsei Univ.), Ghang Lee*(Ph.D., Yonsei Univ. *Corr.),Younghyun Park(Ph.D.Student, Yonsei Univ.), Sanghun Kim(M.S.Student, Yonsei Univ.), Jiwon Jung(Yonsei Univ.), Jin-kook Lee(Ph.D., Yonsei Univ.)
- Publications:
2016 Advanced Engineering Informatics
- Language: 
English
- DOI: <https://doi.org/10.1016/j.aei.2015.05.006>

### Abstract
This study reports on the requirements for developing computer-interpretable rules for checking the compliance of a building design in a request for proposal (RFP), especially in the building information modeling (BIM) environment. It focuses on RFPs for large public buildings (over 5 million dollars) in South Korea, which generally entail complex designs. A total of 27 RFPs for housing, office, exhibition, hospital, sports center, and courthouse projects were analyzed to develop computer-interpreted RFP rules. Each RFP was composed of over 1,800 sentences. Of these, only three to 366 sentences could be translated into computer-interpretable sentences. For further analysis, this study deployed context-free grammar (CFG) in natural language processing, and classified morphemes into four categories: i.e., object (noun), method (verb), strictness (modal), and others. The subcategorized morphemes included three types of objects, twenty-nine types of methods, and five levels of strictness. The coverage applicability of the derived objects and methods was checked and validated against three additional RFP cases and then through a test case using a newly developed model checker system. The findings are expected to be useful as a guideline and basic data for system developers in the development of a generalized automated design checking system for South Korea. 