---
title: 2015_Derivation of BIM Project Properties Through an Analysis of On-Line BIM Project Cases
date: 2023-08-30 19:00:00 +0900 # this is the time when the file should be shown to public
categories: [Conference Proceedings]
tags: [bim, bim project, database]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
---

### Paper Information
- Authors: Kyungha Lee(Ph.D.Student, Yonsei Univ.), Miyoung Uhm(Ph.D.Student, Yonsei Univ.), Hwayein Lee(Yonsei Univ.), Ghang Lee*(Ph.D., Yonsei Univ. *Corr.)
- Publications:
2015 KIC Conference
- Language: 
Korean/English(Abstract)
- DOI:

### Abstract
When starting a new project, generally similar existing projet are searched. As Building Modeling Information(BIM) has short history and experience, the dependence on similar project is high. Small and medium sized design companies are depending on website search tool for information of BIM project besides companies maintaining the Database(DB) from lots of project experience. However, the information level and contents provided by websites differ drastically from each other which makes it difficult to utilize the information and apply cases. Furthermore, the different classification system of the sites makes the situation even worse. Therefore, we collected and analyzed over 100 BIM cases from 18 global websites, to develop a system for BIM case application. Result showed that over 90% of our subject pool provided basic information including the construction type, characteristics of the client (public/ private), location of the project, and detailed information such as primary usage. Moreover, the reasons for applying BIM where to solve problems of geometric design, building system like MEP and construction. Furthermore, there was a contrast between cases conducted only within Korea and cases conducted with other countries. While there was almost always helpful information regarding the administrative steps for Korean BIM cases, there was close to no information for projects carried out outside of Korea. These results could contribute to verifying the trend of information provision of the websites for BIM projects data, and this is believed to be helpful for developing an application system for BIM cases which have an organized information provision system and level as well as for bench marking.